docs: update readme (#96)
morpho-org/morpho-blue-oracles: README.md

- A/C and C/B are feeds (typically, WBTC/BTC and BTC/ETH).
- A'/C and B/C are feeds, and there is an exchange rate between A and A'. (typically A=sDAI and A'=DAI).

## Deploy an Oracle

> To deploy a `MorphoChainlinkOracleV2` on the Ethereum mainnet, use the `MorphoChainlinkOracleV2Factory` to create a new oracle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy a `MorphoChainlinkOracleV2` on Ethereum, it is highly recommended to use the factory `MorphoChainlinkOracleV2Factory`.
```

> Call the `createMorphoChainlinkOracleV2` function with the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, call the `createMorphoChainlinkOracleV2` function with the following parameters:
```

- A/C and C/B are feeds (typically, WBTC/BTC and BTC/ETH).
- A'/C and B/C are feeds, and there is an exchange rate between A and A'. (typically A=sDAI and A'=DAI).

> ### MorphoChainlinkOracleV2Factory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
otherwise we have an empty title

#### Deploy an Oracle

> To deploy a `MorphoChainlinkOracleV2` on the Ethereum mainnet, use the `MorphoChainlinkOracleV2Factory` to create a new oracle. Call the `createMorphoChainlinkOracleV2` function with the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy a `MorphoChainlinkOracleV2` on Ethereum mainnet, use the `MorphoChainlinkOracleV2Factory` to create a new oracle. Call the `createMorphoChainlinkOracleV2` function with the following parameters:
```
[optional]

> To deploy a `MorphoChainlinkOracleV2` on the Ethereum mainnet, use the `MorphoChainlinkOracleV2Factory` to create a new oracle. Call the `createMorphoChainlinkOracleV2` function with the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: Let's put every sentence in a new line. It's easier that way to see the diff when doing big changes

- A/C and C/B are feeds (typically, WBTC/BTC and BTC/ETH).
- A'/C and B/C are feeds, and there is an exchange rate between A and A'. (typically A=sDAI and A'=DAI).

### MorphoChainlinkOracleV2Factory

The `MorphoChainlinkOracleV2Factory` is a factory that deploys `MorphoChainlinkOracleV2` instances.

> The factory facilitates the creation and indexing of `MorphoChainlinkOracleV2` oracles. This factory contract streamlines the process of deploying new oracles, catering to various market pairs without the need to deploy individual contracts manually for each pair.

Reviewer 3: i think you can delete this part which is useless

- `quoteTokenDecimals`: Decimal precision of the quote asset.
- `salt`: A unique identifier to create deterministic addresses for deployed oracles.

> **Warning:** If there is an ERC4626-compliant vault for `baseVault` or `quoteVault`, the `baseTokenDecimals` or `quoteTokenDecimals` are still the decimals of the asset in the vault, and not the decimals of the Vault asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning:** If there is an ERC4626-compliant vault for `baseVault` or `quoteVault`, the `baseTokenDecimals` or `quoteTokenDecimals` are still the decimals of the underlying asset of the vault, and not the decimals of the Vault itself.
```

> E.g: for a MetaMorpho WETH vault, as `baseVault`, the `baseTokenDecimals` is 18 as WETH has 18 decimals.

Reviewer: metamorpho also has 18 decimals (and most vaults do), so the example is not perfect

to me we can just remove it

### Addresses

> The Ethereum Mainnet address of this factory is [0x3A7bB36Ee3f3eE32A60e9f2b33c1e5f2E83ad766](https://etherscan.io/address/0x3a7bb36ee3f3ee32a60e9f2b33c1e5f2e83ad766#code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The address on Ethereum of this factory is [0x3A7bB36Ee3f3eE32A60e9f2b33c1e5f2E83ad766](https://etherscan.io/address/0x3a7bb36ee3f3ee32a60e9f2b33c1e5f2e83ad766#code).
```
